# Overview
+ AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM) helps you **securely share your resources** across AWS accounts, within your organization or organizational units (OUs), and with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles and users for supported resource types. 
+ If you have multiple AWS accounts, you can **create a resource once and use AWS RAM to make that resource usable by those other accounts**. 
+ If your account is managed by AWS Organizations, you can share resources with **all the other accounts in the organization or only those accounts contained by one or more specified organizational units (OUs)**.
+ You can also share with specific AWS accounts **by account ID, regardless of whether the account is part of an organization**.
# How resource sharing works
+ When you share a resource in the owning account with another AWS account, the consuming account, you are granting access for principals in the consuming account to the shared resource.
+ Any policies and permissions that apply to roles and users in the consuming account also apply to the shared resource.
+ The resources in the share look like they're native resources in the AWS accounts you shared them with.
# Resource-based policy
+ AWS RAM **authors resource-based policies on your behalf** based on the information you provide for your resource share. You must specify a Principal policy element that determines who can access the resource. 
+ The resource-based policies generated by AWS RAM are **evaluated along with all other IAM policy types**. This includes any IAM identity-based policies attached to the principals who are attempting to access the resource, and service control policies (SCPs) for AWS Organizations that might apply to the AWS account. Resource-based policies generated by AWS RAM participate **in the same policy evaluation logic as all other IAM policies**. 
+ For those resource types that support resource-based policies, AWS RAM **automatically constructs and manages the resource-based policies for you**.
+ By using AWS RAM, you can even share some resource types that don’t support resource-based policies yet. For such resource types, AWS RAM automatically generates a resource-based policy as a representation of the actual permissions. Users can view this representation by calling GetResourcePolicy. This includes the following resource types:
    + Amazon Aurora – DB clusters
    + Amazon EC2 – capacity reservations and dedicated hosts
    + AWS License Manager – License configurations
    + AWS Outposts – Local gateway route tables, outposts, and sites
    + Amazon Route 53 – Forwarding rules
    + Amazon Virtual Private Cloud – Customer-owned IPv4 addresses, prefix lists, subnets, traffic mirror targets, transit gateways, and transit gateway multicast domains
# ​​​​​​​Reference
[AWS Resource Access Manager](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ram/latest/userguide/what-is.html)
